CIS 120 Introduction to Web Development
=======================================

.. include:: ../elements/CIS-120.rst

Note
^^^^

There are many different areas of web development. We will be just scratching the surface of it. We will cover
the main types of technical development, except for programming which is covered in the second semester.
This class will start out hard and get easier.
We will cover:

* Version Control (hard)
* Server/Cloud Setup (hard)
* HTML (medium)
* CSS (medium)
* Content Management Systems (easier)
* Static Content Generators (easy)

Just like a survey course in Sports, History, or Religion, you may find
there are parts of this that you like and wish we covered more, and others less. Imagine you got to teach a course
labeled "Sports" in college. What sports would you cover? And in how much depth? What sports would you have students try out?


.. include:: ../elements/craven_instructor_info.rst

Schedule
--------

Class meets Tuesday and Thursday from 8:00 am until 9:30 am.

.. include:: ../elements/2017_fa_calendar.rst

Student Assessment
------------------

.. include:: ../elements/assignment_submission_bitbucket.rst

.. include:: ../elements/you_need_a_server.rst

.. include:: ../elements/grading.rst

.. include:: ../elements/standard_grading_scale.rst

.. include:: ../elements/late_work_policy.rst

.. include:: ../elements/attendance_in_person.rst

Because there are two sections for the class, if have to miss one section but can
attend the other, please do. Please e-mail me a note so I can make sure to
mark you as having attended.

Assignments
^^^^^^^^^^^

Assignments and quizzes will be worth 10 points.

Assignments are due by the time indicated below:

* Tuesday, Sept 12 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 1 - Basic HTML

* Thursday, Sept 14 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 2 - DVCS

* Tuesday, Sept 26 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 3 - CSS

* Tuesday, Oct 3 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 4 - Bootstrap

* Wednesday, Oct 11 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 5 - Finalize Site

* Tuesday, Oct 24 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 6 - AWS Deployment

* Friday, Nov 3 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 7 - PHP Include

* Friday, Nov 10 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 8 - DNS and Performance

* Tuesday, Nov 14 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 9 - Install WordPress

* Tuesday, Nov 21 at 8 am:

  * Assignment 10 - WordPress Site

* Tuesday, Dec. 12, 10 am:

  * Assignment 11 - Static Content Generators
  * Reflection

There will also be quizzes, but I don't have a schedule on those yet.

Course Assessment
-----------------

Engaged Citizenship
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. include:: ../elements/ECC-CL-CIS-120.rst

Student Learning Outcomes for the Major
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. include:: ../elements/CIS-SLO-1.rst
.. include:: ../elements/CIS-SLO-2.rst

.. include:: ../elements/contact_time_cis_120.rst

Policies and Procedures
-----------------------

.. include:: ../elements/course_continuity_plan.rst

.. include:: ../elements/academic_integrity.rst

.. include:: ../elements/accommodations.rst

.. include:: ../elements/inclusive_explanation_statement.rst

.. include:: ../elements/title_ix.rst
